Ciurlizza Job Rules
Do not enter or work inside, if anyone 18 or younger is inside without an adult present (clients, babysitters, etc. as long as 18 or older), you may enter and work if inside is empty. If anyone 18 or younger comes in while you are inside, if they do not have an adult with them, you must leave immediately and contact the office.
No alcohol. No profanity. No smoking on Job site. No loud music (use of ear buds or music volume at a minimum). No Dirty Shoes – Clean shoes, shoe booties or socks only.
Respect other Subcontractors’ and Homeowners’ property at all times.
Shirt must be worn at all time (NO TANK TOPS) – No vulgar or offensive slogan on shirts!
Report any defects, safety issues, accidents, or concerns IMMEDIATELY to J&R Construction.
Clean up after yourself and recycle when possible. No use of clients’ tools or supplies EVER.
At the end of the day the jobs site must be clean enough for a 3-year-old to walk into.
If it doesn’t look right or match, DO NOT install it. Ask questions before proceeding.
If you spill it, clean it up immediately. Don’t leave it to dry or to be cleaned by someone else at a later date.
If we haven’t done out part to protect appliances, tubs, tile, windows, or anything that is going to remain during the remodel process, please bring to our attention so that we can address it immediately.
After you install – cover for protection (exampled – wood floors, tubs, vanities) until we move to next phase of project and that area no longer needs special protection.
If you break or damage anything, contact J&R Construction immediately!
Scope of Work
Basement Remodel
Demo:
Remove and dispose of unnecessary/left over construction materials & debris from this finished basement project.
Framing:
Frame up new 2 x 4 walls and 2 x 6 walls as necessary, soffits and chases based on new finished basement layout.
Concrete work:
Cut concrete as needed for plumbing.
Plumbing:
Rough-in supplies and drains plumbing for full bath: shower, toilet and single vanity.
All based on final layout. (All locations will be confirmed with client during walk-thru with plumber and project manager)
Option: Whole house water filtration system.
Electrical:
Wire finished basement area for necessary outlets per code.
Wire finished basement for 21 can lights total.
Wire back lighting for TV area.
Wire as needed for surround sound system and entertainment set up.
Wire lighting for unfinished mechanical space.
Wire bathroom for (2) vanity pendants, exhaust fan, and flush mount light.
Wire switches for all lighting fixtures.
(All locations will be confirmed with client during walk-thru with electrician and project manager)
HVAC:
Install HVAC supplies and returns as needed.
Vent for exhaust fan to exterior for bathroom.
Option: Check current AC units
Insulate:
Add batt insulation to new framed exterior walls and any missing from existing areas.
Add batt insulation in the walls for new bathroom.
Add insulation in ceiling for sound proofing.
Drywall:
New drywall will be hung for all ceilings, soffits, walls, chase, glued, and screwed in finished areas.
These areas will all then be mudded, finished, and prepped for paint.
Tile:
Shower will be Onyx shower sysyem
New floor tile, and grout will be installed in the bathroom.
Finish Carpentry:
Install new interior doors for all finished areas.
Door style to be confirmed with client.
Door hardware to be confirmed with client.
Install closet shelving and cabinetry
Install casing and baseboard to match/similar existing upstairs.
Install bathroom vanity and accessories in bathroom, including grab bars, bench seat & mirror.
Install focal wall behind TV.
Tops:
Template and install stone vanity top and splashed
Flooring:
Install carpet in basement main space.
Paint:
Fill in nail holes, caulk around all wood trims, priming and painting of all spaces
Plumbing Finals:
Install all final fixtures.
Electrical Finals:
Install all final fixtures.
Final Checkout:
We will create a completion list with you to ensure you are completely satisfied with all work performed
We will perform a deep clean of all workspaces to ensure they are ready for your use in like-new condition.
We will also cover the details of our top-rated 5-year warranty, covering workmanship and quality well above industry standards.